##Peer Reviewed Publications of Ryan B. Jadrich

This repository hosts free versions of the papers in my [Curriculum Vitae](curriculum_vitae/curriculum_vitae.pdf). Just follow the links provided below to open up the desired paper in the online GitHub viewer. Alternatively, go into the "publications" folder above and find it manually. Once open in the GitHub viewer, the paper can be downloaded by clicking the button titled "Raw" and the download should begin. 

---

1. B. A. Lindquist, **R. B. Jadrich** and T. M. Truskett, (In Preparation); “Equilibrium Gels via a Macroscopic Bond Limitation” (preprint coming soon)
2. **R. B. Jadrich**, B. A. Lindquist, J. A. Bollinger and T. M. Truskett, Molecular Physics, Invited Article (In Press, 2016); [Consequences of Minimizing Pair Correlations in Fluids for Dynamics Thermodynamics and Structure](publications/PREPRINT_Consequences_of_Minimizing_Pair_Correlations_in_Fluids_for_Dynamics_Thermodynamics_and_Structure.pdf)
3. B. A. Lindquist, **R. B. Jadrich** and T. M. Truskett, Soft Matter (Communication), DOI: 10.1039/C5SM03068D (2016); [Assembly of Nothing: Equilibrium Fluids with Designed Structured Porosity](publications/Assembly_of_Nothing_Equilibrium_Fluids_with_Designed_Structured_Porosity.pdf)
4. A. Singh, B. A. Lindquist, G. K. Ong, **R. B. Jadrich**, A. Singh, H. Ha, C. J. Ellison, T. M. Truskett and D. J. Milliron, Angewandte Chemie 54, 14840–14844 (2015); [Linking Semiconductor Nanocrystals into Gel Networks through all Inorganic Bridges](publications/Linking_Semiconductor_Nanocrystals_into_Gel_Networks_through_all_Inorganic_Bridges.pdf)
5. **R. B. Jadrich**, J. A. Bollinger, B. A. Lindquist and T. M. Truskett, Soft Matter 11, 9342-9354 (2015); [Equilibrium Cluster Fluids: Pair Interactions via Inverse Design](publications/Equilibrium_Cluster_Fluids_Pair_Interactions_via_Inverse_Design.pdf)
6. **R. B. Jadrich**, J. A. Bollinger, K. P. Johnston and T. M. Truskett, Physical Review E 91, 042312 (2015); [Origin and Detection of Microstructural Clustering in Fluids with Spatial-Range Competitive Interactions](publications/Origin_and_Detection_of_Microstructural_Clustering_in_Fluids_with_Spatial-Range_Competitive_Interactions.pdf)
7. **R. B. Jadrich** and K. S. Schweizer, Physical Review Letters 113, 208302 (2014); [Directing Colloidal Assembly and a Metal-Insulator Transition Using a Quench-Disordered Porous Rod Template](publications/Directing_Colloidal_Assembly_and_a_Metal-Insulator_Transition_Using_a_Quench-Disordered_Porous_Rod_Template.pdf)
8. **R. Jadrich** and K. S. Schweizer, Journal of Chemical Physics 139, 054502 (2013); [Equilibrium Theory of the Hard Sphere Fluid and Glasses in the Metastable Regime up to Jamming. II. Structure and Application to Hopping Dynamics](publications/Equilibrium_Theory_of_the_Hard_Sphere_Fluid_and_Glasses_in_the_Metastable_Regime_up_to_Jamming_II_Structure_and_Application_to_Hopping_Dynamics.pdf)
9. **R. Jadrich** and K. S. Schweizer, Journal of Chemical Physics 139, 054501 (2013); [Equilibrium Theory of the Hard Sphere Fluid and Glasses in the Metastable Regime up to Jamming. I. Thermodynamics](publications/Equilibrium_Theory_of_the_Hard_Sphere_Fluid_and_Glasses_in_the_Metastable_Regime_up_to_Jamming_I_Thermodynamics.pdf)
10. **R. Jadrich** and K. S. Schweizer, Physical Review E 86, 061503 (2012); [Theory of Kinetic Arrest, Elasticity, and Yielding in Dense Binary Mixtures of Rods and Spheres](publications/Theory_of_Kinetic_Arrest_Elasticity_and_Yielding_in_Dense_Binary_Mixtures_of_Rods_and_Spheres.pdf)
11. **R. Jadrich** and K. S. Schweizer, Journal of Chemical Physics 135, 234902 (2011); [Percolation, Phase Separation, and Gelation in Fluids and Mixtures of Spheres and Rods](publications/Percolation_Phase_Separation_and_Gelation_in_Fluids_and_Mixtures_of_Spheres_and_Rods.pdf)